---
layout: page
title: About CALM
comments: false
---

The Computer Architecture Long-term Mentoring (CALM) committee within CASA is starting a global initiative to pair mentors with mentees in the greater computer architecture community for long-term, e.g. 1 year, mentoring relationships.

Research shows that mentoring is important to the career development of individuals and the health of a research community, but it also indicates that mentoring relationships take time to develop. In the CALM program, Mentors and mentees will meet over the course of the year to get to know and learn from each other.

To improve mentor-mentee matching and to help focus mentoring discussions, mentor-mentee pairings will be sorted into two tracks: research and development. The research track is designed to match mentees without academic advisors with members of the community to discuss technical topics and provide a window into research in computer architecture. The development track is intended for discussions that center on career or personal development, ranging from job hunting to advice on navigating the research community as a member of an underrepresented group.

If you are interested in participating as a mentor or mentee please complete the interest forms below and we will get back to you as soon as we can. Please note, at this phase we are gauging interest from the community, we are not matching mentors and mentees just yet. Our hope is to match a small initial cohort of mentees by the beginning of 2022 before scaling up the program.
